Postman study group info (#67)
WomenWhoCode/WWCode-London: resources/quality-guardians/README.md

### Projects
<h4>Postman Study Group</h4>

> <h5>What is Postman Study Group?</h5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h5>What is the Postman Study Group?</h5>
```

> <p> Are you looking to enhance your API testing and collaboration skills? Join our Postman Study Group, which will be focused on mastering API testing skills and the Postman API testing platform. Whether you are a beginner or an experienced user, this study group offers a supportive environment to learn, exchange ideas, and grow together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p> Are you looking to enhance your API testing and collaboration skills? Join our Postman Study Group, where we will focus on mastering API testing skills and the Postman API testing platform. Whether you are a beginner or an experienced user, this study group offers a supportive environment to learn, exchange ideas, and grow together.
```

<ul>
    <li>Software Developers and Testers interested in enhancing their API testing skills.</li>
    <li>API Developers seeking to improve their collaboration and documentation practices.</li>
    <li>Anyone interested in expanding their knowledge and network within the API testing community.</li>
</ul>

<h5>What to expect?</h5>
<ul>
    <li>Our speakers will kick off the study group by delivering comprehensive presentations that cover all the fundamental concepts.</li>
    <li>Each presentation will include hands-on activities and exercises to encourage practical application.</li>
    <li>Study materials, resources and practice exercises will be provided to participants to support their learning journey.</li>
    <li>Communication will be organized in Slack channel, all participants will be able to ask questions, share insights and collaborate together.</li>
    <li>To foster collaboration and interaction among participants, we will organize regular virtual catch-ups. These sessions will provide an opportunity for everyone to work together on practical exercises, share insights, and learn from one another's experiences.</li>
</ul>

<h5>Key topics covered by speakers:</h5>
<ul>

>     <li><b>Introduction to API and API Testing:</b> Explore the concept of API, best practices to design, execute and automate API tests.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li><b>Introduction to API and API Testing.</b> Explore the concept of API, best practices to design, execute and automate API tests.</li>
```

>     <li><b>Introduction to Javascript:</b> Spend some time going through fundamentals of Javascript to be comfortable programming while scripting in Postman.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li><b>Introduction to Javascript.</b> Spend some time going through fundamentals of Javascript to be comfortable programming while scripting in Postman.</li>
```

>     <li><b>Introduction to Postman:</b> Get acquainted with the fundamentals of Postman and its interface.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li><b>Introduction to Postman.</b> Get acquainted with the fundamentals of Postman and its interface.</li>
```

>     <li><b>Advanced Postman Features and Integrations:</b> Dive into advanced features such as monitoring, mock servers and faker library and many more.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li><b>Advanced Postman Features and Integrations.</b> Dive into advanced features such as monitoring, mock servers and faker library and many more.</li>
```
